Updated Models section (#1025)
ACCESS-Hive/access-hive.github.io: docs/models/run_a_model/index.md

# Run a Model

> If you are a new user of ACCESS climate models, please refer to how to [Set Up your NCI Account](/getting_started/set_up_nci_account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These instructions are for running the ACCESS models on the Australian National Computational Infrastructure (NCI). If you do not yet have an NCI account, please refer to how to [Set Up your NCI Account](/getting_started/set_up_nci_account).
```
